Let denote by $a_1 < a_2 < a_3 < a_4 < a_5 < a_6$ the products of pairs. Notice that $(abcd)^3 = a_1\cdot a_2 \cdot ... \cdot a_6$. If we have $5$ numbers given, then we can look for the $y$. There are $3$ cases for$y$, either it is the smallest, the biggest, or somewhere in the middle. Based on these $3$ cases we obtain $3$ equations for the value of $y$. It means that $3$ is the maximum number of solutions. Now let us focus on the $y$ being in the middle. There are only two non-symmetric positions for $y$. It can be either on the second or on the third position. If $y$ is on the second position, then notice that $ab = a_i$, $cd = a_j$ and $abcd = a_i\cdot a_j$ for some $i, j$. Also $ac = a_k$, $bd = a_l$ and $abcd = a_k\cdot a_l$, and $ad = a_m$, $bc = a_n$, $abcd = a_m\cdot a_n$. In other words, there are $3$ pairs that give the same product. From this condition, we get some equations when $y$ is first, second, and last and we obtain the necessary condition that $a_1 = a_2$ and thus $b=c$. Therefore if $y$ is the second largest we do not get a solution satisfying the statement. The other case is when $y$ is the third largest. By analogous analysis, there are $3$ pairs of numbers $a_i, a_j$ that give the same product and we obtain some equations that have to be satisfied, Here we get a necessary condition that all numbers except $y$ form a geometric sequence. We can see that if $x$ forms a geometric sequence with the given $4$ numbers from the statement, the only option is $x = 36$. Also, we can check that this yields the desired $3$ solutions.