Solution step (2 points):
Since $[G,G]$  is the subgroup of $G$ generated by all commutators $[x,y]=x^{-1}y^{-1}xy$, it is normal, and the quotient group
$$
G/[G,G]
$$
is abelian of order $p^n$. Note that, formally, it is  not a subgroup of $G$.

Solution step (6 points):
By Sylow's theorem, there exists a subgroup $H$ of order $p^n$, known as a Sylow p-subgroup. Since $[G,G]$ is normal in $G$,
it follows that
$$
H[G,G]:=\{hg\mid h\in H,g\in [G,G]\}
$$
is a subgroup in $G$. Note that $H$ and $[G, G]$ have no non-trivial elements in common since $H$ is a subgroup of order $p^n$ (a power of a prime $p$) and $[G, G]$ is a subgroup of order $q^2$ (a power of a distinct prime $q$).
We will show that the product $H[G, G]$ has order $p^nq^2$. Indeed, let $h_1g_1=h_2g_2$, where $h_1,h_2\in H$ and $g_1,g_2\in [G,G]$.
Then
$$
\begin{aligned}
h_1g_1=h_2g_2&\Longleftrightarrow h_2^{-1}h_1g_1=g_2\Longrightarrow h_2^{-1}h_1g_1\in [G,G]\Longrightarrow
\\&\Longrightarrow h_2^{-1}h_1\in [G,G]\Longrightarrow
h_2^{-1}h_1\in [G,G]\cap H=\{e\}\Longrightarrow h_2=h_1\Longrightarrow g_1=g_2.
\end{aligned}
$$
Thus, the function $H\times [G,G]\ni (h,g)\longmapsto hg\in H[G,G]$ is injective. It is clear that this function, as defined, is also surjective, and hence
we can conclude that it is bijective.
Consequently, $H[G,G]$ has the order $p^n\cdot q^2=|G|$ and is a subgroup of $G$, therefore
$$
H[G,G]=G.
$$
Now, using the isomorphism theorem for group theory, we have:
$$
H\cong H/\{e\}=H/H\cap [G,G]\cong H[G,G]/[G,G]=G/[G,G],
$$
which implies that $H$ is abelian. Finally, the above arguments show that all Sylow p-subgroups are abelian.

Solution step (2 points):
Let $H$ be a Sylow p-subgroup. Let $n_p$ denote the number of Sylow $p$-subgroups of $G$. Then, by the third Sylow theorem, it follows that
1. $n_p = |G : N_G(H)|$, where $H$ is any Sylow $p$-subgroup of $G$ and $N_G(H)$ denotes the normalizer of $H$ in $G$.
2. $n_p \equiv 1 \pmod{p}$.

Observe that the conditions $1$ and $2$ imply that
$$
n_p=1, \;n_p=q^{1}, \; or\; n_p=q^2.
$$
Now, we will prove that the last two cases cannot occur. Indeed, if the case $n_p=q$ were true, we would have, by condition $2$, that $p\mid  q-1$,
which is impossible because $p>q>2$. Assume now that $n_p=q^2$. Then, from condition $2$, we would have that $p\mid q^2-1=(q-1)(q+1)$.
Since $p$ is prime, then $p\mid q+1$ or $p\mid q-1$. But both conditions cannot occur because $p-q\geq 2$ and $p>q>2$. Thus, we can say that $n_p=1$.
Finally, we deduce from property $1$ that
$$
n_p = |G : N_G(H)|=1,
$$
which implies that $G=N_G(H)$. Consequently, $H$ is normal in $G$.
